# Third Meeting

## Date and location
- Tuesday, December 10, 2019 @ 13:00
- A2527 @ Luleå University of Technology

## Purpose
- Describe our Git workflow
- Functionality
- Prio list
- Show our updated system design
- Show our first design of the interface


## Participants
- Jan van Deventer
- Jesper Nilsson 
- Robin Danielsson
- Tommy Andersson
- Wilma Krutrök
- Johan Rodahl Holmgren
- Marcus Eriksson

## Meeting notes
Summary from Meeting 10/12 - 19

Jan was happy about the design of our git-workflow. To make things clearer the group is asked to change the shape for some
of the nodes. The group is also asked to add git commands to avoid misunderstanding. 

We did discuss how the group felt about the project and displayed a file containing a priority list. We all agreed that 
the it is a good idea to follow the list when designing the software. 

For the system design the group got a lot of work to do. It is not easy to view the UML and get an overview of how the 
software should be implemented.

Jan did like the first idea of a graphical user interface. 

For the next meeting the group is asked to spend time on the database structure and the system architecture. 

## Action points
- Next meeting Tuesday 13 December 10:00
- Fix Github workflow
- An example overview of a Neo4J database
- work on the UML diagram
- Interview with Jonny Johansson Wednesday 11 December 14:00
