# Fourth Meeting

## Date and location
- Monday, January 20, 2020 @ 10:00
- A3583 @ Luleå University of Technology

## Purpose
- Go through backlog for sprint 1
- Ask about hardware

## Participants
- Jan van Deventer
- Jesper Nilsson 
- Robin Danielsson
- Tommy Andersson
- Wilma Krutrök (Note taker)
- Johan Rodahl Holmgren
- Marcus Eriksson

## Summary
At the meeting the backlog was presented and Jan asked about the relation between time, risk, dependencies and priority. The explanations for the backlog and a formula for calculating priority should be presented in the report. A brief GANT schedule with sprint and report dates should be done until the next meeting. The UML and use case diagrams was presented and Jan asked the group to include them in the report together with the documentation of the work in sprint 0. 

Johan presented how the issue board in git should work with adding tasks and assigning them. The group should use the issue board to get a clear overview on what should be done and what everyone is doing at the moment. Johan also explained how the branches in git should work to have security. In the development process a development branch will be added with feature branches. When the features are ready they will be merged into the development branch. When it is clear that everything works the development branch will be merged into the master branch. 

The structure of the knowledge component node was discussed, regarding if it should contain topics or connect to each other. Jan said that the KCs could have topics but should not have links between each other. Jesper explained that topics and teaching activities could be nodes in the database. 

When asked about the hardware we could use Jan didn’t have an answer for that, Ulf has to be asked about it. Jan also mentioned that the group needs to decide how to communicate clearly. If there is a better way to write the report, for example Latex, instead of git Jan think it could be done as long as there is traceability.

## Action points
- Start implementation of Sprint 1
- Gant Schedule 
- Ask Ulf about servers

## Next meeting
- Monday, February 3, 2020 @ 10:00 Room A3583
