# Initial meeting

## Date and location
- Tuesday, December 3, 2019 @ 13:00
- A2527 @ Luleå University of Technology

## Purpose
- Discussion about design.
- Understanding of the expectations.
- Checking progress with Git

## Participants
- Khalid Atta
- Jan van Deventer
- Aparajita Trioathy
- Jesper Nilsson (note taker)
- Robin Danielsson
- Tommy Andersson
- Wilma Krutrök
- Johan Rodahl Holmgren
- Marcus Eriksson

## Meeting notes
Summary from Meeting 3/12 - 19

First up we got things to fix with Git. 
Readme file for all folders
Meeting into the folder for Meetings
Link to students file in Readme
Don’t use alias in name of folders
Redo presentation, CV style, make it more interesting
Remove John Doe.. :)
Add next meeting date in the meeting file
Describe Workflow

For the future meetings the student group are asked to come up with the agenda. In the meeting today it was a lot of misunderstanding because of the material we show didn’t contain enough information. This will be the main focus for our group to fix until the next meeting. We were also asked to present an idea of the User Interface. 

To get information about how the university is creating the programs we were asked to talk to Jonny Johansson about an interview. 

When designing the system we are asked to design it so it will be ready to add extra features. In other words our design must cover more than the functionality that we implement. For example tree structures for how the knowledge components is connected hierarchically. 

## Action points
- Next meeting Tuesday 10 December 13:00
- Fix Github
- Function Diagram
- Make student presentations more interesting
- Description of git workflow
- UML diagram
- Interview with Jonny Johansson Wednesday 11 December 14:00


